
How we will test your programs
------------------------------

We will test your project in two ways. First we will run the provided testing script. Then we will make sure a simple login and logout work on a normal web browser (we will use the firefox on ilabs).
Please note that when testing on a webbrowser, you should clear your cookies between tests to make sure that previos cookies don't interfere.
If you don't want to clear all the cookies, you can run the tests in private mode, closing the browser between tests.

As part of your submission, you will turn in 2 program:server.py and one README file (more on this below). We will be running the two programs on the ilab machines with Python 3.8.

For the project_3_tester.py program, you should assume that everything happens on one machine.
You should test multiple machines using a browser for example:
if you server is running on cd.cs.rutgers.edu port 8081, then go to

http://cd.cs.rutgers.edu:8081/

in your browser and you should be able to use the form. This should not require any extra work on your part, since the given code does this for you
(assuming it passes the tests)

Please do not assume that all programs will run on the same machine or that all
connections are made to the local host.  We reserve the right to test your
programs with local and remote socket connections. You are welcome to
simplify the initial development and debugging of your project, and get off the
ground by running all programs on one machine first. However, you must
eventually ensure that the programs can work across multiple machines.
Note that the tester only works on the same machine as the server.
Also note that the tests can be commented out while developing to make it easier to read, if you only want to run test 1, then comment out the other tests.
you can also enable verbose mode by adding a v after the portnumber on the command line
e.g.

python project_3_tester.py 8081 v

The programs must work with the default command lines:

For examples, see the guide.





README file
-----------


In addition to your programs, you must also submit a README file with clearly
delineated sections for the following.


0. Please write down the full names and netids of both your team members.
1. Are there known issues or functions that aren't working currently in your
   attached code? If so, explain. (note that you will get half credit for any reasonably sized bug that is fully explained in the readme)
3. What problems did you face developing code for this project? Around how long did you spend on this project (This helps me decide what I need to explain more clearly for the next projects)
4. What makes this password server insecure?

Submission
----------


Turn in your project on Canvas assignments. Only one team member needs to
submit. You must submit 2 files (server.py and the README.txt)

--
The guide and much of the code was written by Srinivas Narayana for a previos version of the course.
